the moment we've all been waiting for
evergrand has come back online and what
was the result well I want to tell you
exactly what happened why it happened
all the details inside and out my name
is David quintiri and what I do at this
channel is I take all of this really
complicated Financial stuff and I make
it easy for everybody to understand in
today's video we're going to look at
evergrand their other competitor Country
Garden and all of the real estate that
is involved in this how this affects you
no matter where you are in the world and
I'm gonna tell you what you should be
aware of staying away from but also what
you as an individual need to do how does
that sound let's begin right here ever
Grand shares fall nearly 90 as creditor
talks are postponed this is important
because we have seen this for a while
it's been dragging on I've been talking
about the fact fact that they've halted
the stock for such a long time it feels
like forever and now today they brought
it back online as you can see it didn't
end up so well for the stock but this
was the assumption that this would occur
it was simply a matter of halting the
stock to postpone the blow which was
eventually felt because you can't stop
an idea whose time has come right once
it goes It goes they knew it was going
to happen it's just a matter of time and
so I want to cover a few points about
this I'm going to give you the ins and
outs of it number one everground stock
resume trading we have contagion that
goes beyond real estate all right which
Industries do you think are impacted can
you guess well if you walk through this
video with me you're going to get that
information how important that is when
we're investing in other companies maybe
in Commodities and other things I'm
going to show you okay problems go into
the financial sector not just inside of
China although yes that's a that's a
huge Factor but abroad as well globally
this is getting real serious okay and
then at the end I want to talk about
what you as the individual need to watch
out for what you've got to do as a
result because we are talking about one
of the biggest companies out there in
this game and it's not just them there
are others basically in the same
situation after a 17-month trading
Hiatus ever grants trading resumed only
to quickly become a penny stock there
you go one of the biggest companies
became a penny stock just like that and
you see 2017 suddenly out of nowhere the
shares start going up like crazy they're
bidding it up oh my goodness this is the
next big thing it's gonna be so great
yes it can't lose more money is being
thrown in oops
it came down and down and down and down
it's because we've got to watch and pay
attention that it really understands
like for most people they they don't
grasp that yeah I get it there's a
reason why the stock went up and you
could say oh no more people are moving
in and oh they look at their sales look
at their revenue look at their profits
but if it doesn't make sense it doesn't
last
that goes for any stock there is a point
in time it could be next year it could
be 10 years but it always reverts to the
mean and when that occurs people get
punished and they lose their shirt
ever Grande loses two billion dollar
valuation in value as trading resumes
extends creditor voting you could see it
here just saying that they're delaying
this they're trying to figure it all out
oh dear what are we going to do but of
course they're not going to be able to
pay back anybody but I wanted to make
this note right here the stock has been
suspended since March 21st 2022 and
resume trading after the company said
that it fulfilled all of its conditions
by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange so
that's why it came back online I want to
make that very clear it wasn't like you
know the government just came in and
just waved their magic wand they said
they fulfilled the conditions they come
back online and they got crushed okay
and so I think it's part of a bigger
thing that's going on right now the
Central Bank the government they're
trying to do everything to stimulate at
this point here and perhaps now there
going to be looking at getting some
additional funding some sort of bailout
who knows I'm going to watch this very
closely but we have not seen through all
this time we have not seen a formal
bailout take place just remember that
it's been collapsing for a while this
has been going on and there has not been
a bailout yet they haven't said okay
we're gonna backstop all the losses
we're going to nationalize it we're
going to do all this that hasn't
happened you know there's been actions
they've done things certainly and they
want to call the markets but they have
not gone out and just formally said we
are going to take it over like something
like a Fannie Mae Freddie Mac situation
that didn't happen so we've got to
realize that and a lot of people don't
you know they they ah they're bailing it
out haha and they make it seem like
that's okay it's not okay there's a lot
going on here and we need to understand
all the little nuances or else we're
simply ignorant to it all the previous
trading session to the one you're
watching China's 5.5 percent stock rally
Fizzles in a Blow to the market rescue
effort so initially the stock market
goes up after coming down quite a bit
stock market goes up it's up it's up
like crazy and then what happens end of
the day starts coming down so it's
coming down and then they I believe the
intervention took place at the end of
the day but what I see here is a wild
ride right now and they want more
stimulus and we'll talk more about that
in a second
but we got to understand the overall our
you know overall theme that's going on
inside of China right now it is a
slowing economy the global economy has
been waiting for China's pulse 2020
economic boom but that has never
materialized and the opposite could be
while playing out with analysts saying
that this serves as yet another reminder
for Canada to wean itself off of China
at issue in China's bloated property
Market which by some estimates makes up
over 25 percent of the country's economy
at risk of commodity our commodity
prices which had been given a long-term
Boost from the overbuilding of real
estate this is huge two things in there
you've got Canada
that is exposed there's no question
about it a lot of countries are exposed
to China and potentially considered to
be Overexposed you've also got the 25
I've seen numbers of 30 30 of the
economy so what do you think happens if
that suddenly reverses and also no the
third thing there is um that we have
Commodities that have been they were I
mean imagine to build an entire city
from scratch you need a lot of stuff you
need the concrete you need the copper
you need all these different Commodities
to be bought up in mass quantities and
Equipment caterpillar like all these
different companies are going to you
know get the benefit of that uh
semiconductors everything everything you
can think of and so they need that stuff
best build that stuff they're using the
workers they've got relatively cheap
labor let's bring it all in let's build
these things oh 2020 comes and now
suddenly we don't need as much of that
stuff
here we go global economic slowdown as a
result people are begging and praying
for the economy of China to collapse
because they see these two Rivals
they're going to go head-to-head oh no
it was China versus the US look China
has this insatiable at least it did
insatiable appetite for all these
Commodities now you squash that down
you've got a global slowdown that's
occurring and that might be a good thing
because it could slow down inflation on
a wide scale but jobs are going to be
lost that's a fact jobs are going to be
lost okay here we go the next shoe to
drop ever Grand liquidity crisis was
just the beginning of the pain other
large retailers in China have since
defaulted as they struggle to shore up
cash and demand for housing has fallen
now investors around the world are
watching nervously as Country Garden
which employs some 300 000 people missed
two payments on its multi-billion dollar
debt and it was considering various debt
management measures okay very high risk
according to Moody's this is important
you look at this on the whole I've been
covering this issue for years I did you
know many videos recently about Country
Garden about evergrant about the whole
um you know the local financing debt
financing vehicles that are at risk
right now as a result of all of this
there are so many pieces to this puzzle
and I've been breaking down each and
every one of that I want to thank you
for being here if you want to know all
about that I think that it's important
to stay tuned hit that thumbs up button
and hit that subscribe because then
you're going to get all the latest and
greatest I only bring you the absolute
most important information and I'll
forgo all of that which you know quite
frankly is not real key so I hope you'll
stick with me here as we look at this
you've got issues all over the place
right now concerns about domestic real
estate you've got stability issues
Canadian real estate is what they're
saying a safe haven and the whole point
about this is that
if suddenly you know China is not as
investable for whether it is going to be
somebody in China inside of China or or
maybe somebody abroad well then you know
what they're going to do is they're
going to look for a place to park their
money the issue that I see with uh the
Chinese actually investing abroad is
you've got Capital control so there's
only so much money that they're able to
bring outside and if they figure out a
loophole there's these uh police
stations that are available everywhere
whether it's in Canada or the us or
anywhere uh that might take care of some
of those people getting around those
circumstances so
um I don't think a lot of that money is
going to be able to leave to go abroad
okay there are restrictions Capital
controls and so on so I think that
stagnation could be very likely but
they're gonna have to put their money
somewhere they're gonna put it in the
banks over there I don't know maybe with
Hong Kong we'll see
you want to know who is impacted I
thought this was interesting Ashmore
double down on ever Grand debt as others
hit the exits now this is from 2021 but
it was interesting to see that this
particular company this asset manager
they bought more of the bonds as this
thing is collapsing thinking they're
getting an opportunity this one company
they made a big mistake but that happens
in the investing world and everybody I
mean you can't win them all but this one
was a that must be painful okay the
mostly empty 100 billion dollar City
rising from the sea and uh this is
interesting because it shows us by the
way the developers Country Garden in
this case here but I just want to show
you an example of the things that happen
this is a southern Malaysia off the
coast and they just get into all the
details of the things that they try to
do it it's half built they didn't get
get to what they wanted to do you could
see it for yourself I mean it looks nice
looks you got a whole bunch of Villas
over here you got the skyscrapers over
there uh could have been nice but
unfortunately didn't get to the place
that they wanted to they were supposed
to house 70 000 residents they claim
that it's more like 90 000 if that even
is the case but I'm just trying to show
you that these properties are not
necessarily all inside of China it does
affect uh elsewhere too keep that in
mind okay it's not just inside the
borders now it might be close by but
that's the point now here we go China
central bank trims one year rate but
unexpectedly leaves the five-year rate
unchanged what this means is basically
all the different stimulus measures that
they've been trying to do I'm just
trying to show you the actions that they
have taken uh this one China makes first
tax cut on stock trading since 2008 to
boost investor confidence doing anything
that they can to stimulate wherever are
possible okay so you're asking yourself
what do I do what do I not do what
should I watch for it's not just a
matter of okay I'm just gonna not invest
in Evergreen I'm not going to invest in
Country Garden hey I'm good not so easy
okay let me tell you
number one lesson learned for everybody
even if you'd never bought into these
companies at all even the Giants fall
keep that in mind U.S steel look at this
company how important and now
could disappear you got to realize that
and that's why you cannot but no matter
if you think you're a hero and you see
all these YouTubers I'm going all in on
Tesla you don't want to do that I mean
if you don't have much money to invest
you could take that risk but uh it's not
prudent it's not prudent to do that and
if you you see yes you can take a
handful of names but you got to know
when to pull the trigger you got to know
when to sell too and most people don't
they think I'm just going to ride it out
until I I see some YouTubers telling me
to sell that's not a good idea okay you
gotta know when the time is right and we
can talk more about that in future
videos understand that one change can
destroy the valuation of the company so
look at the tech industry right now look
at AI it's basically unregulated if they
start to bring in regulations that could
have dramatic effects on the valuation
of these companies so keep that in mind
okay watch regulations from the
government of course if you are
subscribed to the channel you will know
exactly when that happens but before it
happens understand how income is derived
when you're looking at a company
investment if you're getting into an
investment whether it is something like
real estate
or whether it's a business or whatever
look at where the actual income is
coming from okay that that's I I know
that it kind of makes sense but just
think about it a little more clearly is
it as I say here be mindful of Hope oh
we we intend on getting this percentage
or is it actual reality what what are
the facts what can I prove right now
because ever Grant really screwed up and
a lot of investors were going in
thinking they were going to be rich but
that is uh unfortunately not the case I
wanted to highlight the comment of the
day here we go well first of all I
wanted to note this what is the most
important thing you want to learn in
2023 2024 I can't help but notice this
it is like practically evenly
distributed amongst the three here okay
and just so we know everybody's
listening there's a lot coming from the
money GPS okay
a lot coming so I'll I'll follow up in a
later video I wanted to cover this thank
you very much
Stevo for your comment aside from the
poll one subject I think would be great
for you to cover in detail is what
BlackRock is intending to do with their
10 trillion dollars yes I think we've
got to cover that we've got to look at
BlackRock we're going to look at
Vanguard these two companies have
massive influence and we want to be
aware of what they do any changes and so
on I'm going to bring that to you I will
do so at the same time I want everybody
to be joining over 1200 people I didn't
realize how fast this grew but now over
1200 people that are inside the Discord
okay so this is unbelievable how fast
it's growing and here we are Discord is
the thing like think about it like a
chat kind of but I can do all kinds of
things I got the video of the day
constantly going in there so that you
can actually get notified and you got
tips and strategies and things about the
money mirror method are in there and I'm
gonna put a lot of uh which is another
thing I'm doing soon that's going to be
in there as well there's going to be so
much stuff there already is so much as
well as the fact there's 1200 people
that are like you that are chatting
every day so get on in there click the
link it's free click that link in the
description and I'll see you over there